Promote and improve the glossary page (#6493)
IntersectMBO/plutus: doc/docusaurus/docs/glossary.md

### Address

Each UTXO has an address, which stipulates the conditions for spending the UTXO.

An address on Cardano can be based on either a public key hash, which requires a private key signature corresponding to the public key hash to spend the UTXO, or a script hash, which requires the script with that particular hash to be executed to spend the UTXO.
These are referred to as public key address and script address, respectively.

### Cardano

The blockchain system for which Plutus Core and Plutus Tx are built.

### Contract Blueprint

A contract blueprint enables communication between on-chain code and off-chain code written in different languages.
It is introduced in [CIP-57](https://developers.cardano.org/docs/governance/cardano-improvement-proposals/cip-0057/).
Also see [Producing a Plutus Contract Blueprint](./working-with-scripts/producing-a-blueprint.md).

### Currency Symbol and Token Name

On Cardano, each class of tokens (or asset class) is identified by its currency symbol (also known as currency, or asset group) along with the token name.
The minting and burning of a token are controlled by the Plutus script whose hash corresponds to the token's currency symbol.

> Ada/Lovelace is a special asset class where the currency symbol and token name are both empty strings, and it cannot be minted or burned via transactions.

Reviewer: Isn't `Ada` the actual currency, while `Lovelace` is just a unit to describe it?

Author: If anything it's the other way around: the unit used everywhere is Lovelace, and Ada is for convenience.

The main function of on-chain code is for nodes to validate transactions, such as checking if a transaction is permitted to spend a UTXO or mint a token.
On-chain code is usually written in a high level language like Plutus Tx, and compiled into Untyped Plutus Core (UPLC).
The Cardano node includes an evaluator that runs UPLC programs.

### The Plugin

The compiler from Plutus Tx to Untyped Plutus Core, which is implemented as a GHC plugin.

### Plutus

The term "Plutus" can refer to Untyped Plutus Core, Typed Plutus Core, or, prior to its renaming to Plinth, Plutus Tx.
To avoid ambiguity, it is advisable not to use "Plutus" on its own.

### Plutus Core

The term "Plutus Core" can refer either to Untyped Plutus Core or Typed Plutus Core, depending on the context.
To avoid confusion, it is recommended to use UPLC for Untyped Plutus Core and TPLC for Typed Plutus Core.

### Plutus IR

An intermediate language that compiles to Plutus Core.
See [Plutus Core and Plutus Tx](./essential-concepts/plutus-core-and-plutus-tx.md).

### Plutus Metatheory

The formalization of typed and untyped Plutus Core.
In the future we may add Plutus IR to the formalization.

> It is "meta" in the sense that it seeks to answer the questions of whether the language and its semantics are correct, rather than whether a particular program is correct.

Reviewer: What does it mean for the "language and its semantics" to be correct? I think it would be better to say something more in line with:
```suggestion
It is "meta" in the sense that it is a framework for reasoning about the Plutus Core languages themselves.
```

Author: This was directly copied from plutus-metatheory/README.md, but your suggestion sounds fine.
